Founded in 2018, Gozem is today a technological group of more than 400 people, agile and ambitious, which offers via its mobile application a very wide range of services including transport, delivery, financing, mobile money and many others, to African users. Present in Benin, Togo, Gabon and Cameroon, our group's ambition is to become "Africa's Super App" by establishing itself throughout French speaking Africa. Our solution is 100% focused on the African market, serving drivers, customers, traders and soon, SMEs in our areas of activity.

We are a multinational group, with a strong presence in several cities and pride ourselves on helping to improve the lives of local communities through the digitalisation of the market and the introduction of technology-based efficiencies.

Are you looking to grow in a challenging and friendly environment? Do you want to evolve and progress in dynamic and disruptive digital contexts?

Join us in building a new African digital ecosystem that improves the quality of life. Together, let's make Africa smile!

What is a Senior Data Scientist at Gozem ?

Our Senior Data Scientist will be in charge of designing and implementing models that can analyze large datasets to solve various problems and predict future outcomes. He works closely with business managers to understand their challenges and goals, translating complex data into actionable insights.

This role involves not only technical skills in programming and data analysis but also the ability to communicate findings effectively and mentor junior team members. They play a crucial role in guiding data-driven decision-making processes within an organization.

You will work closely with our Head of Data, and all our data team. You will also monitor performance and quality control plans to identify improvements.

Your Tasks

Develop and implement advanced statistical and machine learning models to solve complex problems
Lead the data-driven decision-making process, from data collection and analysis to implementation and monitoring of solutions
Manage data science projects, ensuring they meet business requirements and are delivered on time
Mentor junior data scientists/analysts, providing guidance and support in their professional development
Collaborate with cross-functional teams to understand business challenges and objectives, translating complex data into actionable insights
Stay abreast of industry trends and advancements in data science and machine learning, continuously improving our methodologies and technologies

You are the right person for this job if you ...

have a very fine eye for detail, proven experience in machine learning, statistical analysis, and big data technologies, and a deep understanding of the principal data science tools
have demonstrated experience and methodology in handling complex data challenges
are able to lead Data projects from conception to deployment.
have a very good understanding of addressing and optimizing metadata standards
are able to work with stakeholders to assess potential risks
are able to translate business requirements into non-technical, lay terms
are able to develop Machine learning algorithms (including segmentation & predictive models) that will lead to impactful data science solutions

You have

Level of education: Bachelor’s degree in computer science/mathematics/statistics or any relevant data-related certification
5 years min of work experience as a Data scientist
Self-motivated, independent learner, and enjoy sharing knowledge with team members
Mandatory skills:Mastery of SQL / Python / Looker
Skills we are looking for in addition: knowledge of any programming language (R, java) or other data tools (Airflow, etc.)
High-level written and verbal communication skills.
Tools to master: Asana, G-Suite
Languages : French and/or English
Location: on site
What we like most: Self-motivated, independent learner, and enjoy sharing knowledge with team members, Detail-oriented and efficient time manager in a dynamic and fast-paced working environment

Working Conditions & Benefits

We offer our employees a fair, friendly and intercultural working environment, in which we strive to develop the talents of each individual. To achieve this, we offer:

🏢 Open-space offices and teleworking time possible (to be arranged with your manager)

💶 A gross monthly remuneration defined according to our internal salary grid as well as the relevance of your past experiences for the position.

🌿 An option to buy shares in Gozem

🎁 An annual bonus allowing you to receive between 0 and 4.5 months of additional salary the following year

🚗 Benefits on our Super App for your travel and deliveries

🌐 A health and IT insurance package

And above all, the opportunity to join a young, dynamic team that has a real social impact in French-speaking Africa!

Interview process

An initial introductory meeting with the recruitment manager (15 minutes)
A written interview questionnaire
A 45-minute analytic exercise.
A business case to be completed within 07 days
A presentation of your business case with the head of the Data team (future n+1) and a time to discuss your professional experience followed by a referral request (you give us 4 professional contacts to whom we send a questionnaire)
One final validation interview with one of our co-founders