Deel is the all-in-one payroll and HR platform for global teams. Our vision is to unlock global opportunity for every person, team, and business. Built for the way the world works today, Deel combines HRIS, payroll, compliance, benefits, performance, and equipment management into one seamless platform. With AI-powered tools and a fully owned payroll infrastructure, Deel supports every worker type in 100+ countries—helping businesses scale smarter, faster, and more compliantly.

Among the largest globally distributed companies in the world, our team of 5,000 spans more than 100 countries, speaks 74 languages, and brings a connected and dynamic culture that drives continuous learning and innovation for our customers.

Why should you be part of our success story?

As the fastest-growing Software as a Service (SaaS) company in history, Deel is transforming how global talent connects with world-class companies – breaking down borders that have traditionally limited both hiring and career opportunities. We're not just building software; we're creating the infrastructure for the future of work, enabling a more diverse and inclusive global economy. In 2024 alone, we paid $11.2 billion to workers in nearly 100 currencies and provided healthcare and benefits to workers in 109 countries—ensuring people get paid and protected, no matter where they are.

Our momentum is reflected in our achievements and customer satisfaction: CNBC Disruptor 50, Forbes Cloud 100, Deloitte Fast 500, and repeated recognition on Y Combinator’s top companies list – all while maintaining a 4.83 average rating from 15,000 reviews across G2, Trustpilot, Captera, Apple and Google.

Your experience at Deel will be a career accelerator. At the forefront of the global work revolution, you'll tackle complex challenges that impact millions of people's working lives. With our momentum—backed by a $12 billion valuation and $800 million in Annual Recurring Revenue (ARR) in just over five years—you'll drive meaningful impact while building expertise that makes you a sought-after leader in the transformation of global work.

Why join our Data team?

Deel is a fast-growing company with a developing Data Science team, which gives the opportunity to contribute to our practices, direction, and tooling selection
The nature of the role will be mostly project focused, so a lot of opportunity to dive deep into a single problem and solve it properly
This role in particular aims to develop data insights from a large salary grouping. There’s scope to define how the data pipelines will work, and what statistical techniques and ML approaches to use
Over 90% of the team’s work makes it to production which is rare for Data science/AI teams, we aim to deliver value each quarter


Responsibilities

Solve real world problems using Data Science and statistical techniques
Implement functionality which can be served in production for internal customers as well as external customers
Designing, building and maintaining data sets
Data cleaning & modelling
Feature engineering
Feature extraction
Building end-to-end data & machine learning pipelines
Conduct reproducible research
Collaborate with Engineering, Operations, Product Management and other functions in the company to deliver algorithmic solutions
Apply software engineering practices in our code that implements our research and its infrastructure
Produce high quality, clean, maintainable reproducible research and code


Requirements

High proficiency in Python and its data science stack.
Background and experience in data/backend engineering, ideally in production environments (3+ years) (Mid/Senior Level role)
Background and hands-on experience (2+ years) in implementing research and algorithms in Python, specifically in information retrieval, text processing, NLP, and machine learning
Experience with developing AI solutions across a variety of domains
Track record of good written and verbal communication of complex things in a simple way as well as ability to collaborate well with people from different backgrounds and professions
A Bachelor’s degree or higher
Must have hands on experience working with SQL
Must have hands on experience working with Python (Preferably with Pandas)
Must be strong at applying statistical methods to data
Must be strong with data pipelining
Must be an independent thinker and have the ability to work independently to solve problems


Total Rewards

Our workforce deserves fair and competitive pay that meets them where they are. With scalable benefits, rewards, and perks, our total rewards programs reflect our commitment to inclusivity and access for all.

Some things you’ll enjoy

Stock grant opportunities dependent on your role, employment status and location
Additional perks and benefits based on your employment status and country
The flexibility of remote work, including optional WeWork access


At Deel, we’re an equal-opportunity employer that values diversity and positively encourage applications from suitably qualified and eligible candidates regardless of race, religion, sex, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status, pregnancy or maternity or other applicable legally protected characteristics.

Unless otherwise agreed, we will communicate with job applicants using Deel-specific emails, which include @deel.com and other acquired company emails like @payspace.com and @paygroup.com. You can view the most up-to-date job listings at Deel by visitingour careers page.

Deel is an equal-opportunity employer and is committed to cultivating a diverse and inclusive workplace that reflects different abilities, backgrounds, beliefs, experiences, identities and perspectives.

Deel will provide accommodation on request throughout the recruitment, selection and assessment process for applicants with disabilities. If you require accommodation, please inform our Talent Acquisition Team at recruiting@deel.com of the nature of the accommodation that you may require, to ensure your equal participation.

We use Covey as part of our hiring and/or promotional processes. As part of the evaluation process, we provide Covey with job requirements and candidate-submitted applications.Certain features of the platform may qualify it as an Automated Employment Decision Tool (AEDT) under applicable regulations. For positions in New York City, our use of Covey complies with NYC Local Law 144.

We began using Covey Scout for Inbound on March 30, 2025.

For more information about our data protection practices, please visit our Privacy Policy. You can review the independent bias audit report covering our use of Covey here: https://getcovey.com/nyc-local-law-144-independent-bias-audit-report/